part-1.md, before:

The ledge of the cliff cast a long shadow in the descending moon's crimson beams. Crimson were the color of the flames as well, fed by the logs piled up under the ledge. These logs - just as the figures sitting around the fire - covered a good four thousand miles by the time they reached the edge of Taba el-Ibara, the desert spanning from the Sheral Mountains<sup>1</sup> to the gyepű<sup>2</sup> of the Merchant Duchies.<sup>3</sup> The logs rattled<sup>4</sup> this far on muleback, and the people seeking warmth had been carried by nags - most of them would indubitably pull a knife though if anyone else had called their mount that.  Two-thirds of the pack animals bought in Erion have perished along the way, but none of it mattered now that the food supplies dwindled significantly as well, and here, in the shelter of the ledge, the night before the fateful day, the firewood has also finished its journey. The temperature kept falling steadily after nightfall; the men, wrapped in their worn and patched up capes, scanned askance<sup>5</sup> at each other.

[1] Or "_Sheral mountain_"?

[2] "_palisades_" would have probably been more suitable, but I like the sound of "_gyepű_" (but of course, I'm biased). See [1](https://www.metal-archives.com/bands/Gyep%C5%B1/3540433954), [2](https://books.google.com/books?id=SgokDwAAQBAJ&pg=PT527&lpg=PT527&dq=indago+frontier&source=bl&ots=9J-aL1wcUA&sig=ACfU3U048cNwIbWmx09v2spF0nIxPNHVVQ&hl=en&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwijx8WW7I7nAhU4HzQIHQ5MAuoQ6AEwAHoECAcQAQ#v=onepage&q=indago&f=false), [3](https://hu.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gyep%C5%B1).

[3] "_Taba el-Ibara peremére, a Sheral hegységtöl a Kereskedö Hercegségek gyepéiig húzódó sivatag mélyébe értek._" Talan mar a kelletenel tobbszor olvastam el ezt a mondatot, de hogy ertek a melyere, ha a peremen voltak?

[4] Or "_clattered_"?

[5] Trying to convey the meaning of the Hungarian adverb "sandán", that means "with suspicion and/or ill intent", and "[askance](https://www.google.com/search?sxsrf=ACYBGNRCZncAt-wxG7w8PXJ1KnJb_5IWRQ%3A1579463340975&ei=rLIkXoOQO9jP0PEPiI-Z0Ao&q=sideways+meaning&oq=sideways+meaning&gs_l=psy-ab.3..0i20i263i70i249j0l9.1651.2384..2531...0.2..0.87.620.8....2..0....1..gws-wiz.......0i71j0i67j0i131j0i20i263.GWH3po6O6po&ved=0ahUKEwiDlv-6t5DnAhXYJzQIHYhHBqoQ4dUDCAs&uact=5#dobs=askance)" seemed to be the closest match, especially given the context of the Hungarian original.

Commit message:

Amendments to the first paragraph

part-1.md, after:

The ledge of the cliff cast a long shadow in the descending moon's crimson beams. Crimson were the color of the flames as well, fed by the logs piled up under the ledge. These logs - just as the figures sitting around the fire - covered a good four thousand miles by the time they reached the edge of Taba el-Ibara, the desert spanning from the Sheral Mountains<sup>1</sup> to the gyepű<sup>2</sup> of the Merchant Duchies.<sup>3</sup> The logs rattled<sup>4</sup> this far on muleback, and the people seeking warmth had been carried by nags - most of them would indubitably pull a knife though if anyone else had called their mount that.<sup>5</sup>  Two-thirds of the pack animals bought in Erion have perished along the way, but none of it mattered now that the food supplies dwindled significantly as well, and here, in the shelter of the ledge, the night before the fateful day, the firewood has also finished its long journey. The temperature kept falling steadily after nightfall; the men, wrapped in their worn and patched up capes, scanned askance<sup>6</sup> at each other.



[1] Or "_Sheral mountain_"?

[2] "_palisades_" would have probably been more suitable, but I like the sound of "_gyepű_" (but of course, I'm biased). See [1](https://www.metal-archives.com/bands/Gyep%C5%B1/3540433954), [2](https://books.google.com/books?id=SgokDwAAQBAJ&pg=PT527&lpg=PT527&dq=indago+frontier&source=bl&ots=9J-aL1wcUA&sig=ACfU3U048cNwIbWmx09v2spF0nIxPNHVVQ&hl=en&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwijx8WW7I7nAhU4HzQIHQ5MAuoQ6AEwAHoECAcQAQ#v=onepage&q=indago&f=false), [3](https://hu.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gyep%C5%B1).

[3] "_Taba el-Ibara peremére, a Sheral hegységtöl a Kereskedö Hercegségek gyepéiig húzódó sivatag mélyébe értek._" Talan mar a kelletenel tobbszor olvastam el ezt a mondatot, de hogy ertek a melyere, ha a peremen voltak?

[4] Or "_clattered_"?

[5] So what is the right tense? The first clause is in past simple, and the second is in past perfect (in the passive voice). This footnote is going to be a recurring theme...

[6] Trying to convey the meaning of the Hungarian adverb "sandán", which means "with suspicion and/or ill intent", and "[askance](https://www.google.com/search?sxsrf=ACYBGNRCZncAt-wxG7w8PXJ1KnJb_5IWRQ%3A1579463340975&ei=rLIkXoOQO9jP0PEPiI-Z0Ao&q=sideways+meaning&oq=sideways+meaning&gs_l=psy-ab.3..0i20i263i70i249j0l9.1651.2384..2531...0.2..0.87.620.8....2..0....1..gws-wiz.......0i71j0i67j0i131j0i20i263.GWH3po6O6po&ved=0ahUKEwiDlv-6t5DnAhXYJzQIHYhHBqoQ4dUDCAs&uact=5#dobs=askance)" seemed to fit the bill, especially given the context of the Hungarian original.
